In this video, what we are going to do is,
look at implementing these Map Based
Services, so I've got the issue up and
I'm going to assign it to myself, say that I
am actually working on this right now.
What I'm going to do is toggle over to
IntelliJ and we will go ahead and
implement this. So you can see that I
have my CrudService is up. Let's make
this a little elegant. Under the
services, I'm going to create a New
Package. I'm just going to call it map
because i remember, ultimately, what I
said we want to do here is we're going
to have a map implementation, a Spring
Data JPA Implementation. I hope to
actually provide a straight JDBC
implementations or working with
raw hibernate. I think that's lacking from
the course right now, so we'll see all
three implementations of that to show you
how to do each one and ultimately we
will be using Spring Profiles to control
the configuration. But the first one we
want build is this map service. Let's go
ahead and say new Java class. I'm going
to call this Abstract..
Let me go ahead and add
that in.
I'm going to make this abstract.
What we want to do is go ahead, and
just like the interfaces, we are going to
take in a type and an ID. We'll just call
that ID for the generic. Okay, so let's go
in and do protected, I'm going to say Map and we
want to take in the ID value and then
the type.
I'm just going to call that map. We just
default that to
a new HashMap. We're just going to
use the standard Java HashMap and we'll
be adding in properties and taking away
property so this hashmap is going to
get the generics of the ID and then the
type. So now let's go ahead and implement
the findAll and that's going to return
back us a Set of the type
so the findAll that's just going to
return back a new HashSet of the values.
We have findById which is going to
return back the Type. That's going to take in
the ID and here we just do map get id
like so. So that we return back that
object out of the map. In here, what we
can do is a save operations of the save
that returns back the type, takes in the
type.
I'm just saying object there because we
really don't know what's coming in
because of the generics. Now we can say
map.put().
Because we don't know
the specific object, we're going to have to
override this a little bit. What we
can do is ID id. No comma there.
Now let's going to do id,object.
Now
just return the object. Then we also
did a delete
so it's going to be a void.
So that just removes from the map like
so. Then we also want to implement the
delete by object. That gets a little more
tricky so we wanted to a void.
And here, we
are going to do T, object
like so,
and now what we want to do is map.entrySet() dot remove
and we will say
entry. This is Java 8
Lambda goodness and say
entry get value dot equals, and now I will say
object
and terminate that
so get that all in one statement.
What's going to be important as we go
forward, our entities are going to have
to implement a proper equals method and
we'll do that in an upcoming video.
Actually I am going to create a task for
that right now.
Come back here to issues.
New issue.
So we don't forget to do that, I am
creating an issue because we do
want to have a proper equals method so
we'll add that to our task list.
Let's come back over to this, so this
gives us here now a base Map Service
that we can implement. You can see that I
created a New Package for it.
What we want to do is implement some
special concrete implementations of it
so let's go ahead and implement for.
We'll do Owner first.
You can see here, I'm saying the OwnerMapService. I could do OwnerMapServiceImpl,
but we can see that it does
OwnerService and actually let's just do,
followed a slightly different convention there.
We will do OwnerServiceMap so
that we will do that. We'll add that in
to Git.
We'll say that it extends the AbstractMapService and now we are going to do
the type of Owner and Long
implements
CrudService, also Owner
like so.
We will say Implement Methods. And now what we need to do is
go ahead and say...
So we can see that we're going through
implementing the Set,
and now I just need to go in on IntelliJ
didn't get all the generics proper
there so I'll do findById,
like so.
I can see I've gone in and implemented
all the methods and essentially what we
do is we have a hard class OwnerService.
It is going to extend out the
AbstractMapService class and implement
that CrudService interface. I can
see I made a mistake here. You can see
that a recurses indefinitely.
Rather than this, because I am
extending out the Abstract Map, what
I need to do is say super, rather than
this. So that was my mistake.
So small mistake there.
Our save method
is not happy taking in the Object.
Okay so that is actually looking for the
ID, so that was my mistake here
because we have the Owner, because we're
passing in a generic object, it didn't
know, so I have to say like so. So one
one small mistake there. So now this is
going to be happy. I'm not seeing any further
error. The one more thing that we need
to do is go in and implement this for
Person and Vet. What I'm going to do
just a expedite time, I'm going to go
ahead and pause the video and then we'll
do a quick code review because next
couple implementations are going to be a
cookie cutter, so let me go ahead and
implement those and do a quick code
review and I will be right back. I know.
Give it a second. I swear, I'm not even
moving. It's just doing this on its own.
Okay, I've gone in and implemented the
additional implementations of our
Abstract Map for both Vet and Pet
service. You'll see that these look
strikingly similar to each other. So now
we have of VetServiceMap extends out
Abstract Map implements CrudService.
Looking at this, we probably could make
the Abstract Map implement CrudService
arguably.
That could be a nice refactoring to do
at some point in the future. I'm kind of
split on which way to go with that.
This feels okay to me for right now.
Maybe we'll change that in the
future. There could be some benefits. But
right now, the way I'm looking at this
code, it's kind of a coin toss. I do
feel we have a much cleaner
implementation for our little Map
Service here.
I made a couple mistakes there.
Forgot to implement super.
You can see that IntelliJ was highlighting
that for me. Let's double check the
VetService, super super super.
Everything's super. Thanks for asking.
Little South Park quote there. So this is
implemented everything. We can see the
PetServiceMap and I am not seeing
anything else I want to implement here
so I'm going to call this good. Let's
toggle over that was issue #6.
So let's come back over here and I'm
going to go ahead and commit that.
We do a Commit and Push and get
that up to GitHub. Now let's come over
here, so you got change right away maybe.
That is pushed
and now we can see that is closed.
If I refresh this, I will drop off
the page. There we go. So that completes
that task and that will be inside of
GitHub. It's for your reference.